Drax Plunkett was born in a  nameless village in a long forgotten
country. There was nothing peculiar about the boy besides that he was
very likable. It was not uncommon for him to be given things just
because he was so charming. Drax learned early on in his live how to
manipulate people.

While a visiting Disciple of the church of Creach traveled through
Drax's town she witnessed the boys raw talent and took him as an
apprentice. Soon he surpassed his tutors and soon the Church had a
huge following. It was then that Drax's other talents became apparent:
that of running a prosperous business.

With growing influence of  the Church of Creach came the influential
people. High officials, legislators, even kings, all wanted to known
what their future had in store for them. Drax while in rank was a
lower disicple, often was granted the important task.

Because of this senator Alexander Dalius of Mishra requested that Drax
would join his house for the occasionel counseling. In these years Drax
perfected his skills while gaining influence within the senate. By
prospecting various important chamberlaine he learned how to be a
practicing phycisian. As payment Drax requested that a small peninsula
was made an enclave named San Marino and gained an accompanying title
Baron of San Marino for the services for the senator.

It was here that Drax met the mice of the Rat. He was offered a great
reward for opening a door at the right time in the house of senator,
and keeping the guards occupied.

With his new found title he is able to travel alot easier spreading
the gospell of The church of Creach, thereby gaining
enourmous influential gain.
